# WeStudy
A Self-study navigator: This Self-study navigator is a mobile device project which focuses on user interaction and information sharing and is developed using the WeChat applet platform. Out of the concern for students' learning environment, this project puts forward a new area of mobile application development of daily life making good use of the lightweight and efficient WeChat applet APP technology. Its excellent performance and friendly UI design enable students to carry out their learning plans within their favorite environments and provide more convenience for their learning and research. As is mentioned in the background part of the project, in the extremely hot summer and the chilly winter of Wuhan, many self-study places which are suitable in normal days may not be so comfortable considering the terrible weather. And the frequent water and power outages, also aggravate this problem. So, where can we find an appropriate learning space? Self-study navigation can give you the answer, and a fantastic studying experience! With self-study navigation, students don't have to stay in the dormitory with all the negative effects. Because we provide students with a variety of self-study options to enjoy a more comfortable and focused learning experience in different places from libraries, teaching buildings to even cafes. This project also uses the advantageous geographical location of Wuhan University to expand the students' self-study places’ options and makes full use of the resources inside and outside the school to make our campus life more comfortable and easier.
